

Chick-fil-A Chick-n Minis Copycat

Yields: 24 chicken minis (6-8 servings)

**Rolls**
1 tbsp (1 packet) yeast
1 cup warm water
3-4 cups flour
1 egg
1 tsp salt
1/2 cup sugar
1/4 cup veggie or canola oil
2 tbsp butter, melted

1\. In a medium bowl, combine warm water, 1 tbsp of the sugar, and the yeast. Let it bloom for 5-10 minutes. 

2\. To the yeast mixture, add the egg, salt, remaining sugar, and oil. Stir with a spoon to mix, 20 seconds or so. Put flour into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook. Add the yeast mixture to the flour and mix/knead until all the flour is incorporated. 

3\. Let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Roll out to 1/2" on a lightly floured surface. Butter a 9x13 pan and spread the remaining butter on the dough. Cut into 24 squares using a pizza cutter. Let rise, covered, until doubled in size. 

4\. Bake at 350 degrees fahrenheit for 20 minutes, or until the tops are golden. Brush with honey, if desired. 

**Chick-fil-A Nuggets**

1 egg
1 cup milk
1 lb chicken breasts or tenders, cut into 1" pieces

1 1/4 cup flour
2 tbsp powdered sugar
2 tsp salt
1 tsp pepper
1/2 tsp chili powder
1/4 tsp cayenne
1/4 tsp paprika

Oil for frying

1\. Combine egg and milk. Add chicken and soak in the fridge for at least 30 minutes, up to overnight. 

2\. Combine the dry ingredients in a bag. Heat up oil to 350 degrees fahrenheit. Add a couple of pieces of chicken to the dry ingredients and shake. Add them to the hot oil and cook for 3-4 minutes, or until golden brown. 

3\. Remove onto a paper towel and put inside honey-butter rolls. Enjoy while they're hot! 
