
Chocolate Fudge Brownie Ice Cream

Yields: 1 quart

2 cups heavy cream
3 tbsp dutch-process cocoa powder
4 oz semisweet chocolate chips or chopped chocolate\*
1 cup whole milk
3/4 cup sugar
5 egg yolks
1/8 tsp salt
1 tsp vanilla 

Chocolate fudge, see below (Add as much as you want)
Brownies, chopped, from a box mix (Add as much as you want)


1\. Combine cream and cocoa in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Stir with a whisk. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer for 30 seconds. Remove from heat, then add chocolate and stir until melted. Pour into a bowl. 

2\. In that same (now empty) pot, combine milk, sugar, and salt over medium-high heat. Beat together egg yolks in a small bowl. Temper the egg yolks with warm milk by ladling some warm milk into the egg yolks, then pour the yolk-milk mixture back into the pot. 

3\. Stir the milk mixture constantly over medium-high heat until the mixture reaches 170-175 degrees fahrenheit. Pour into the cream-chocolate mixture and add the vanilla. Stir until combined. Cover and refrigerate until thoroughly cooled. 

4\. Mix according to your ice cream maker's directions. Add chocolate fudge and brownie bits, then freeze until the ice cream is set. Enjoy! 

\*roughly 1/2 cup chocolate chips

---

Chocolate Hot Fudge

Yields: 2 cups 

2/3 cup cream
1/3 cup light corn syrup
1/3 cup brown sugar
1/4 cup dutch-process cocoa powder
1/4 tsp salt
6 oz bittersweet chocolate, chopped or chips
2 tbsp butter
1 tsp vanilla 


In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine cream, corn syrup, brown sugar, cocoa, salt, and half of the chocolate until melted. Reduce heat to low, and let cook for 5 minutes, until it begins to thicken. Remove from heat and add butter, vanilla, and remaining chocolate. Let cool before eating.
