
Chocolate Silk Pie
  
Yields: 9-12 servings   
    
**Crust**  
2 cups Oreo (or brownie-- I used a mixture of both!) crumbs  
4 tbsp butter, melted  
2 tbsp sugar  
    
**Chocolate Mousse**  
8 oz dark chocolate  
1 1/2 tsp vanilla  
3/4 cup (1.5 sticks) butter, softened  
1 cup sugar  
3 eggs  
1 cup whipping cream  
    
**Whipped cream**  
2 cups whipping cream  
3 tbsp powdered sugar  
1/2 tsp vanilla   
    
**Chocolate curls**  
3 oz chocolate  
    
**Crust**  
1\. Preheat oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit. Butter a 9" springform or pie pan.   
    
2\. In a food processor, crush Oreo cookies or brownies. Add the melted butter and sugar. (I omitted the sugar and butter because my brownies were very moist already-- not at all crumbly). Press into the bottom of the prepared pan and bake for 10 minutes. Let cool completely.   
    
**Mousse**  
3\. Melt chocolate, stirring often, until smooth. Add vanilla and stir.   
    
4\. In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat butter for 1 minute on medium speed. Add sugar and beat for 4 minutes on medium speed. Add chocolate and beat until incorporated.   
    
5\. Add 2 eggs and beat for 3 minutes. Add 3rd egg and beat for 3 more minutes.   
    
6\. In a separate bowl, whip cream for 4 minutes, or until stiff peaks form. Fold whipped cream and mousse together until it's completely incorporated.   
    
7\. Spread evenly on cooled crust.   
    
**Whipped Cream**  
    
8\. In a bowl, combine cream, sugar, and vanilla. Whip until stiff peaks form. Pipe onto the pie or spread it evenly however you desire.   
    
**Chocolate Curls**  
    
9\. Look at [this link](http://spicedblog.com/how-to-make-chocolate-curls.html) for directions on how to make chocolate curls.  
    