
Cinnamon Sugar Soft Pretzel Bites  
Yields: about 100 small pretzel bites  
    
1 cup warm water  
1 tbsp (or 1 packet) dry active yeast  
2 tbsp + 1 tsp sugar  
2 tbsp brown sugar  
1 tbsp vegetable oil  
1 tsp salt  
2 3/4 to 3 cups flour  
  
3 cups _hot_ water (I microwaved mine in a pyrex for about 4 minutes)  
1/3 cup baking soda  
  
1 stick (1/2 cup) butter, melted  
3/4 cup sugar  
1 tbsp cinnamon  
  

1\. Combine warm water, yeast, and 1 tsp of sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer. Stir with your finger, then let it sit for about 10 minutes to activate.  
  
2\. Add the remaining 2 tbsp of sugar, the brown sugar, veggie oil, and salt. Stir. Attach the dough hook and add the flour. Scrape the sides of the bowl as needed. Knead in the mixer for about 4 minutes or so, or until elastic and smooth.  
  
3\. Put in a greased glass bowl and let rise, covered, in a warm oven (about 140-150 degrees fahrenheit) for about 30 minutes, or until doubled in size. After removing from the oven, preheat the oven to 425 degrees fahrenheit.  
  
4\. Combine hot water and baking soda. Divide the dough into 6 equal parts. Take one part and cover the other parts with a kitchen towel so they don't dry out. Roll the section into a snake about 28-30 inches long. Cut it in half, then each in half again. (4 snakes) Divide each into about 1-1/4" sections.  
  
5\. Dip each bite into the hot water/baking soda mixture, then place on a silpat-lined (or parchment paper lined) baking sheet.  Repeat with the remaining sections of dough.  
  
6\. Bake at 425 for 7-10 minutes, or until the tops are golden.  
  
7\. Roll in the melted butter, let sit on a plate for about 1 minute to let the butter soak in, and then roll in the cinnamon sugar mixture.  
  
  ---
  
Cream Cheese Dipping Sauce  
4 oz (1/2 of a regular pack)  cream cheese  
1 tbsp butter, softened  
1 1/4 cup powdered sugar  
1 tsp vanilla  
2 tsp milk, optional  
  

Combine cream cheese and butter. Add powdered sugar and vanilla. Beat. Add milk, if needed, to attain the desired consistency.  
    