
### Boston Cream Pie Donuts  
Yields: 12 donuts (I made 10 + about 12 donut holes)  
  
**For the Pastry Cream**  
1 cup half & half  
3 egg yolks  
1/3 cup sugar  
1/4 tsp salt  
2 tbsp flour  
2 tbsp butter, softened  
1 tsp vanilla  
  
**For the Donuts **  
2 tbsp warm water  
1 tbsp yeast  
3/4 cup warm whole milk  
1/4 cup sugar  
1/2 tsp salt  
1 egg  
3 tbsp butter, softened  
2 1/2 to 3 cups flour  
Vegetable oil (for frying)  
  
**For the Glaze**  
3 oz semi-sweet chocolate chips  
1/4 cup heavy whipping cream  
1/4 cup sugar  
1 tbsp butter  
  
**Pastry Cream**  
1\. In a small saucepan over medium heat, heat the half & half until simmering. In a small bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, sugar, salt, and flour.  
  
2\. Add about 1/4 cup of the simmering milk to the egg yolk mixture and whisk until it's smooth. Then, while stirring constantly, add the egg mixture to the milk on the stove. Cook until it begins to thicken, then turn heat down to low for about 1 minute. Cook until desired consistency is reached (I wanted mine to me about like yogurt).  
  
3\. Pour pastry cream into a bowl and cover with plastic wrap (actually touch the plastic wrap to the top of the pastry cream to prevent it from drying out).  
  
**Donuts**  
4\. Mix together the warm water and yeast. Let sit for about 5 minutes, or until activated.  
  
5\. Pour yeast mixture in the bottom of a stand mixer. Add milk, sugar, salt, egg, butter, and 1 cup of the flour. Mix with a regular paddle attachment for about 2 minutes.  
  
6\. Switch to the dough hook and add the remainder of the flour. It should come clean off the sides of the bowl when you've added enough flour.  
  
7\. Grease a bowl and put the dough in. Cover with a damp towel. Let it rise until doubled, about 1 hour. (I let mine rise in my oven after turning it on for 3 minutes to warm it up a bit).  
  
8\. Roll out the dough onto a lightly floured surface, until it's about 3/4 of an inch thick. Cut into 3" circles. Put on a floured cookie sheet, cover with a damp towel again, and let rise until doubled (about 30 minutes).  
  
9\. Heat up your oil until it's 350 degrees fahrenheit. Use a spatula to put 2 donuts at a time in the oil. They take about 45 secs-1 minute on each side. Put on a plate covered with paper towels.  
  
**Glaze**  
10\. Combine cream, sugar, and butter and microwave for about 30 seconds. Pour over chocolate chips and stir until smooth. Add more chocolate, sugar, or cream to your taste or desired consistency.  
  
**Assembly**  
Use a chopstick to poke a hole in the side of the donut. Pipe the pastry cream using a piping bag and an open circle tip. Dip the tops in the ganache glaze.  
    