
Ultimate Chocolate Cupcakes
  
Yields: 12-14 cupcakes, depending on how much you fill them  
    
2 tbsp veggie oil  
1 stick (1/2 cup) butter  
1/2 cup dark chocolate chips  
    
3/4 cup + 3 tbsp flour  
1/2 tsp baking soda   
1 tsp baking powder  
1/2 cup cocoa powder  
3/4 tsp salt  
    
1/2 cup sugar  
1/2 cup brown sugar  
2 eggs + 1 egg yolk, room temp  
1/2 tsp vanilla  
    
1/2 cup greek yogurt or sour cream (I used regular yogurt)  
1/2 cup hot water  
    
1\. Preheat oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit. Line a cupcake pan with liners.    
    
2\. Put veggie oil, chocolate chips, and butter into a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave in 30 second increments, stirring every 30 seconds, until just melted.  
    
3\. Combine flour, baking soda and powder, cocoa powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk until combined.   
    
4\. In a large bowl, combine sugars, eggs, and vanilla. Whisk until combined. Add the melted chocolate mixture, then whisk until combined.   
    
5\. Alternate adding the flour mixture and the yogurt to the sugar mixture. Mix until just combined (I didn't even use my stand mixer. I just used a whisk). Add in the hot water last, and mix until it's combined.   
    
6\. Use a cookie scoop to divide the batter evenly between the cupcake liners. I filled mine about 3/4 of the way full, but I would fill a little bit less next time. (High altitude messes everything up!!!)  
    
7\. Bake for 16-18 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean.  
    
### Ultimate Chocolate Frosting  
Yields: enough for 1 dozen cupcakes  
    
1 stick (1/2 cup) butter, slightly softened  
3 cups powdered sugar  
3/4 cup cocoa powder  
1 tsp vanilla  
milk for thinning  
    
Beat the butter on high with a mixer for about 2 minutes. Add the powdered sugar and cocoa powder, slowly. Add the vanilla. Add milk as needed for desired consistency. Beat for about 3 minutes to make it fluffier.   
    
Pipe the frosting onto cupcakes using a closed star tip. Top with chocolate sprinkles.  
    