
### Caramel Cupcakes   
Yields: 15 cupcakes  
  
1 1/4 cups flour  
1/2 tsp cornstarch  
1 1/4 tsp baking powder  
1/2 tsp baking soda  
1/2 tsp salt  
1/2 tsp cinnamon  
2 eggs  
3/4 cup sugar  
1 1/2 tsp vanilla  
1/2 cup canola or veggie oil  
1/2 cup buttermilk (I always use milk with 1/2 tsp white vinegar)  
  
1/3 cup caramel sauce (the ice cream topping kind is what I used)  
  
1\. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit. Line cupcake pans with 15 cupcake papers. Whisk together the flour, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon. Whisk for about 1 minute. You want to get everything really well incorporated.  
  
2\. In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat together the eggs with the sugar for about 30 seconds. Add the vanilla and oil, then beat for 15 seconds.  
  
3\. Add the flour mixture and buttermilk slowly, alternating between the two. Use a cookie scoop to divide the batter evenly among the 15 cupcake papers. I filled my cupcake paper halfway up the paper.  
  
4\. Bake 12-14 minutes, or until a toothpick or cake tester comes out clean.  
    
### Frosting  
1/2 cup (1 stick) butter  
2 tbsp caramel sauce  
4 cups powdered sugar  
1 tsp vanilla  
milk for thinning  
  
1\. Beat the slightly softened butter for about 1 minute in the stand mixer. Add the caramel sauce.  
  
2\. Slowly add the powdered sugar, then add the vanilla. You may need a few teaspoons of milk or cream to thin the frosting out enough to pipe it.  
    
### To assemble the cupcakes:  
Let the cupcakes cool. Use a very small round piping tip to fill cupcakes with the caramel sauce. Pipe frosting onto the cupcakes using a closed star tip. Drizzle with leftover caramel sauce. Enjoy!  
    