
Brownie Cheesecake  
Yields: 1 9" cheesecake  
  
1 (18.4 oz) package brownie mix (I used Pillsbury Family Size Fudge Brownie Mix)  
2/3 cup vegetable oil  
1/4 cup water  
5 eggs (divided use)  
3 (8 oz) packages cream cheese, softened  
1 (14 oz) can sweetened condensed milk  
2 tsp vanilla  
1/2 cup mini chocolate chips  
  
Note: The oil, water, and 2 of the eggs are for the brownie mix. If you're using a different brownie mix, you may need different amounts or ingredients to make your brownie mix.  
  
  
1\. Preheat oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit. Spray the bottom of a 9" springform pan with cooking spray.  
  
2\. Prepare brownie mix with veggie oil, water, and 2 eggs. Pour the batter into the springform pan and bake for 35 minutes or until set.  
  
3\. Beat cream cheese with a mixer until fluffy. Add three eggs, one at a time, mixing well between each egg. Beat in the sweetened condensed milk and vanilla. Stir in the chocolate chips. Pour the batter into the prepared pan on top of the brownie.  
  
4\. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees fahrenheit. Bake the cheesecake for 50 minutes or until set (to check doneness-- tap the side of the springform pan with a wooden spoon. If the entire thing jiggles a lot, it needs a little more time. The center should jiggle when the cheesecake it done, but it shouldn't seem "liquidy.")  
  
5\. To prevent cracking: When the cheesecake is done, crack the oven open for 5-10 minutes with the oven turned off before taking the cheesecake out.  
  
6\. Refrigerate the cheesecake until set and cooled (at least 4 hours).  
    