
Boston Cream Pie Cupcakes  
Yields: 18 cupcakes  
  
**Cupcakes:**  
2 1/2 cups flour  
3/4 tsp baking soda  
1/2 tsp baking powder  
1/2 tsp salt  
3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) butter, softened  
1 1/4 cups sugar  
3 eggs  
2 tsp vanilla  
1 cup buttermilk (or 1 cup milk + 1 tsp vinegar)  
  
**Filling:**  
1 (3 oz) package Vanilla pudding (I used instant)  
1 1/4 cups milk  
1 tsp vanilla  
  
**Chocolate Glaze:**  
8 oz semisweet chocolate chips  
1/3 cup sugar  
1/3 cup water  
3 tbsp butter softened  
    
    
1\. Preheat oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit (365 for high altitude). Line cupcake pans with 18 cupcake liners.  
    
**Cupcakes**:  
    
2\. Mix together dry cupcake ingredients except sugar (flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt). In a separate bowl, cream together butter and sugar for 3-4 minutes or until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time. Add the vanilla and beat.   
    
3\. Alternate adding the flour mixture and the buttermilk to the butter/sugar mixture. Using a food scoop, evenly distribute the cupcake batter into the liners. Bake for 18-20 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean.   
    
**Filling:**  
    
4\. Mix the pudding mix, milk, and vanilla together with a hand mixer until it thickens up (usually about 3 minutes). Cover it with plastic wrap and put it in the fridge.   
    
**Glaze:**  
    
5\. After the cupcakes are baked and cooled, use either a [knife](/2013/03/raspberry-white-chocolate-truffle.html) or a [cupcake corer](/2013/03/andes-mint-cupcakes.html), remove the center of your cupcakes to fill with the pudding. I put the pudding in a bag and cut the corner off to more easily fill them. Put the top of the cupcakes back on, then make the glaze.   
    
6\. In a small saucepan over low heat, combine chocolate, sugar, and water. Stir until it's all melted, then remove from heat and add the butter. Stir until the butter is all melted, then spoon the glaze over your cupcakes.   
    