
Flaky Pie Crust  
yield:  two 9" pie crusts-- either 1 double crust/lattice pie or 2 single crust pies
    
3 1/2 cups all purpose flour  
1 cup (2 sticks) chilled butter (cut into 1/2 inch cubes)  
1/4 cup vegetable shortening  
1 tablespoon sugar  
1/2 tbsp salt  
3/4 cup ice cold water  
    

1\. Mix together the dry ingredients. Using either a food processor or a pastry cutter, cut butter and shortening into the dry ingredients.   
    
2\. Once it resembles crumbles, slowly add the ice cold water. It may not take all of the water. Once it is sticking together, it's done!   
    
3\. Form it into two discs, flattened out until they're about 1" thick. Wrap each one in plastic wrap and refrigerate it for at least 2 hours.   
  
---

Apple Pie  
    
10 apples (about 4 lbs), peeled, cored, and sliced into 1/4 inch slices  
1/2 cup light brown sugar  
1/4 cup granulated sugar  
1 tsp ground cinnamon  
1/4 tsp salt  
1/4 tsp freshly grated nutmeg  
3 tsp cornstarch  
1 tbsp fresh lemon juice  
2 tbsp cold unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces  
1 egg, beaten with 1 tbsp milk  
2 tsp granulated sugar  
  
  
1\. In a large pot over medium-low heat, stir together apples, sugars, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg, and cornstarch. Cook, covered, for 20 minutes.  
  
2\. After about 20 minutes, take the top off, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook for 7-8 more minutes. Remove from heat, stir in lemon juice, and let it cool for 30 minutes.  
  
3\. Preheat oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit.   
  
4\. While the apples are cooling, roll out one of your pie crust dough discs on a lightly floured surface. Roll it out until it's about 13" in diameter. Using the rolling pin, transfer the dough to your pie pan. Trim the edges, leaving at least 3/4" overhang around the entire edge.  
  
5\. Roll out your other pie crust dough disc until it's about 12" in diameter. Cut it into 3/4" strips with a pizza cutter.   
  
6\. Pour your apple filling into the bottom pie crust. Dot with cold butter. Start with the middle strips to make the lattice. I used [this tutorial](http://www.butterbaking.com/2011/11/15/traditional-apple-pie/) to make my lattice. Press the outside overhang onto the edge.   
  
7\. Beat the egg and milk. Brush it atop the dough on top. Sprinkle with sugar.   
  
8\. Bake at 350 degrees fahrenheit for about 35-40 minutes, or until golden on top.   
    