
### Lemon Sponge Cake  
*   6 egg yolks
*   1 1/2 cup sugar
*   6 tablespoons lemon juice
*   1 1/2 cup cake flour
*   6 egg whites
*   1 teaspoon baking powder
*   1/4 teaspoon salt  
\[I halfed the recipe\]  
    
Beat egg yolks with sugar until lightly colored. Alternate adding lemon juice and flour and mix until incorporated.  
  
Beat the egg whites in a separate bowl until they're stiff. Add baking powder and salt and beat until the egg whites hold a stiff peak.   
  
Fold the egg whites into the egg yolk mixture. Put into two greased and floured 9" pans and bake at 325 for about 20 minutes.   
  
Remove from pan after cooling. Top with pastry cream and fresh raspberries.   
  
    
### Pastry Cream  
    
*   From Martha Stewart
    
      
    
    1/2 cup sugar
    
    2 tbsp flour
    
    2 tbps cornstarch
    
    2 cups whole milk
    
    1/2 tsp vanilla extract
    
*   Beat egg yolks and sugar until they're lightly colored. Beat in flour and cornstarch. 
    
      
    
    In a saucepan, bring the milk to a boil, making sure to whisk constantly. Remove from heat and add the milk slowly into the egg mixture.
    
      
    
    Put the mixture back into the saucepan and bring it to a boil while whisking. Keep whisking and let it boil until it is thick (about 3 minutes). 
    
      
    
    Remove from heat and return mixture to the mixer. Beat it with a paddle attachment. Add the vanilla and beat it for about 5-6 minutes, or until it's down to room temperature. Store it in the fridge to cool it down. 
    