
Copycat Uno's Deep Dish Pizza  
Yields: 1 9" deep dish pizza  
Time: about 2 hours  
    
Crust

1 1/2 cups plus 2 tbsp AP flour  
1/4 cup yellow cornmeal  
3/4 tsp salt  
1 tsp sugar  
1 1/8 tsp instant yeast  
1/2 cup plus 2 tbsp water, room temperature  
1 1/2 tbsp butter, melted  
    
1 tsp olive oil  
2 tbsp butter, softened  
    
2 cups shredded mozzarella   
Desired toppings  
    

1\. Whisk together the dry ingredients. Add the water and melted butter. With the dough hook attachment, turn the stand mixer on medium for 4-5 minutes, scraping the bowl as often as necessary. Put the dough in a bowl coated with the 1 tsp olive oil and let it rise at room temperature for 40-50 minutes, or until doubled.   
    
2\. Roll the dough out to 6"x8". Spread the softened butter on the dough and fold the dough into thirds (like a business letter). Roll it out again, this time to 8"x12". Fold it into thirds again and then roll it into a ball. Put it into the bowl coated with olive oil and let it rise for 40-50 minutes in the fridge. While it's rising in the fridge, make the tomato sauce.  
    
---

Tomato Sauce 
    
1 tbsp unsalted butter  
2 tbsp grated onion  
Pinch of dried oregano  
1/4 tsp salt  
1 clove garlic, minced  
1 (14.5 oz) can diced tomatoes  
Pinch of sugar  
2 tbsp chopped basil leaves  
1 1/2 tsp olive oil  
Black pepper, to taste  
Salt, to taste  
    
	
3\. In a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, melt the butter. Sauté the onion and oregano in the butter for about 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Add salt and garlic and cook for about 30 seconds before adding tomatoes and sugar. Let it come to a boil, then turn it down to a simmer for 15 minutes. Add the basil, olive oil, and salt and pepper, then remove from heat.   
    
4\. Preheat oven to 425 degrees fahrenheit. Line the bottom of a 9" deep dish pizza stone or a 9" cake pan with 2 tsp cornmeal. Roll out the dough on a dry surface to about a 13" circle. Transfer to pan. Line the dough with 2 cups shredded mozzarella. Top the cheese with the tomato sauce (how backwards! It keeps the crust from getting soggy) and then the desired toppings. I used pepperoni (a heck of a lot of 'em), bell peppers, tomatoes, bacon, mushrooms, italian meatballs, onions, and parmesan.   
    
5\. Bake at 425 for 20-25 minutes. Let it sit out for 5-8 minutes before cutting and eating.   
    