
### Cinnamon Sugar Pull-Apart Bread  
Yields: 1 9x5 loaf  
  
Dough:    
2 3/4 cups flour (I used half bread flour and half AP flour)  
1/4 cup sugar  
2 1/4 tsp active dry yeast (1 packet)  
1/2 tsp salt  
4 tbsp butter  
1/3 cup milk  
1/4 cup water  
2 eggs (room temperature)  
1 tsp vanilla extract  
  
  
Filling:  
1 cup sugar  
2 tsp cinnamon  
1/2 tsp nutmeg  
4 tbsp butter, melted  
    
\*\*\*I just put all the dough ingredients in the bread machine and let it mix and rise\*\*\*  
    
1\. Whisk together the flour, sugar, yeast, and salt together in a large mixing bowl.   
    
2\. In a medium saucepan, heat the butter and milk together. Once the butter is all melted together with the milk, remove from heat and add the water, vanilla, and eggs. Let it cool until it is pretty warm to the touch. Add this to the flour mixture and mix.   
    
3\. Place in a greased bowl, covered and in a warm place, for 40-45 minutes.   
    
4\. Mix the cinnamon, sugar, and nutmeg in a small bowl.   
    
5\. Once the dough is done rising, roll out on a lightly floured surface to be about 25x20. Spread the melted butter across the dough and then spread the cinnamon sugar mixture across. Cut into six strips then each of those into six squares.   
    
6\. Put these squares in a greased 9x5 pan in small bunches to make it easier. Preheat oven to 350. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and let it rise in a warm place for 20 minutes.   
    
7\. Bake for 30-35 minutes. Eat it hot out of the oven! Enjoy with some [cream cheese drizzle glaze](/2013/04/auntie-annes-copycat.html).   
    