
    
Perfect Chocolate Cupcakes  
    
Yields: 18 cupcakes  
   1 cup flour (I used 1 1/4 cups because I'm at high altitude)
   3/4 cup sugar
   1/2 tsp baking powder
   1 tsp baking soda
   1/2 tsp salt
   1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
   1/2 cup oil (I used veggie oil)
   1 cup hot water
   1 egg
   1 1/2 tsp vanilla  
    
    
    
1\. Mix the dry ingredients in a bowl and the wet ingredients in a separate bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the wet while mixing. That's it! You could even probably do it all in one bowl at once (that's what the original recipe did). I mixed it by hand and it was super easy!  
    
    
    
2\. Fill baking cups 2/3 of the way for sea level or 1/2 way for high altitude. Bake at 350 for about 12-15 minutes for full-sized or 9-11 for mini cupcakes.  
---
White Cupcakes  
Yields: 18-20 deliciously full-sized cupcakes    
   1 1/4 cup all purpose flour
   1 cup cake flour (I used 1 cup minus 2 tbsp all purpose flour, then added 2 tbsp corn starch. This is my go-to cake flour recipe. Make sure to mix the flour and corn starch together really well.)
   1 teaspoon baking powder
   1/2 teaspoon baking soda
   1/2 teaspoon salt
   1 stick (8 tablespoons) unsalted butter, at room temperature
   1 cup sugar
   1 cup sour cream
   1/2 cup milk
   4 large egg whites, room temperature (I put my cold eggs soaking in warm water for 3 minutes or so)
   3 teaspoons pure vanilla extract  
  

1\. Preheat oven to 375 fahrenheit (If you're at high altitude, preheat to 385). Line cupcake tins with adorable cupcake liners.  
  
2\. Mix together flours, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk until incorporated.  
  
3\. In a medium bowl, whisk together sour cream, milk, and egg whites. **Set aside. **  
4\. In a large bowl, cream together butter and sugar for about 5 minutes, or until light and fluffy.  
  
5\. Add the vanilla extract to the butter mixture. While the mixer is on low, add the flour mixture in 3 parts alternating with the milk/sour cream mixture. (You'll start and end with flour mixture).  
  
6\. Bake for 18-20 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean. (If you make mini cupcakes, they take about 13 minutes.)  
