
Cinnabon Clones  
Yields: 16 large rolls  
  
3/4 cup warm water  
1/3 cup veggie or canola oil  
1 egg  
1/2 cup sugar  
1/4 cup buttermilk (room temp)  
1 tsp salt  
4 1/2 cups flour  
2 1/4 tsp active dry yeast  
  
1/2 cup softened butter  
1 1/4 cups light brown sugar  
3 tbsp cinnamon  
2 tbsp cornstarch  
  
3 oz cream cheese, room temp  
1/4 cup softened butter  
1 tsp vanilla  
1 tsp lemon juice  
1 1/4 cups powdered sugar  
  
  
  
Add dough ingredients into the bread machine in the order prescribed by the bread machine instructions. I added them in the order I listed above. I put it on the dough cycle and it rose on its own.  
  
Take the dough out and put it onto a lightly floured surface. Roll it out to 30x20 inch rectangle.  
  
Beat the softened butter, brown sugar, cinnamon, and cornstarch together until it's light and fluffy. Spread this all over the rectangle of dough. Roll it up so that it's a 30-inch log. Cut it every 2 inches with dental floss.  
    
Put them in a greased pan (I used a 7x11 and a 6 inch round pan to accommodate all the rolls) and cover with plastic wrap. Let rise until doubled (about an hour) _**or**_ refrigerate overnight and then take out 3-4 hours before baking to let them rise.  
    
    
Bake at 350 for 17-18 minutes, or until the tops _just_ start to turn golden. _Don't_ let them over-bake!  
    
  
Beat all the frosting ingredients together until incorporated.  
  
Let the rolls cool for about 5 minutes before frosting.  
    