Cinnamon Roll Pull Apart Bread  
Yields: 1 9x5 loaf (12 servings or 1 serving if you're me-- anything is a single serving if you put your mind to it)  
    
**Dough**  
2 3/4 cups all purpose flour  
2 tbsp cornstarch  
3/4 tsp salt  
2 1/4 tsp dried active yeast  
1/4 cup sugar  
1/3 cup milk  
1/4 cup butter  
1/4 cup water  
2 eggs  
1 tsp vanilla extract  
  
**Filling**  
2/3 cup dark brown sugar  
2 tbsp ground cinnamon  
1 tsp cornstarch  
  
1/4 cup butter, softened  
  
**Glaze**  
3/4 cup powdered sugar  
1/2 tsp vanilla extract  
cream or milk  
    

1\. So I used my bread machine for this. I put all the dough ingredients in my bread maker starting with all the wet ingredients (I heated the milk and water so they were slightly warm). I then added all the dry ingredients, ending with the yeast on top. I put my bread machine on the dough cycle and went to class. When I came back, it was gloriously puffy and beautiful! I'm in love with my bread machine (Thanks, Aunt Tam!)  
    
If you don't have a bread machine, just do it like the original recipe [tells you to](http://www.mychocolatetherapy.com/2012/01/cinnamon-roll-pull-apart-bread.html).   
    
2\. Roll out the dough onto a lightly floured surface into about 18x18 inches. Spread about 2/3 of the softened butter on it and then mix together the filling. Spread the filling on top of the butter.   
    
3\. Roll up and use dental floss to cut the dough into 1 cm thin cinnamon rolls. Brush a little of the leftover butter on top of each one and cover with plastic wrap. Roll them out until they're about 1/2 their original thickness. Stack them in about stacks of 5.   
    
    
    
4\. Grease a 9x5 pan and put the stacks of flattened cinnamon rolls into it. Cover again with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place (oven at 170) for about 30 minutes.   
    
    
5\. Bake at 350 for 25 minutes or until the top is golden. Let it cool for 10 minutes then remove from pan and put it on a cooling rack. Whisk the glaze ingredients together and pour it on the still warm loaf. Bon appétit!  
    