
### Moist Chocolate Bundt Cake  
_Yield: 15 servings_  
_Recipe adapted from [Neighbor Food Blog](http://www.neighborfoodblog.com/2012/02/best-chocolate-bundt-cake-of-your-life.html)._  
**Ingredients:**  
1 1/4 cups water  
3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder  
2 1/4 cups sugar  
1 teaspoon salt  
2 1/2 teaspoons baking soda  
2 large eggs  
1 egg yolk  
1 1/4 cups milk  
1 tbsp white vinegar  
1 cup plus 2 tbsp vegetable oil  
2 teaspoon vanilla extract  
2 1/2 cups flour  
    
**For the glaze:**  
3/4 cup chocolate chips  
3/4 cup unsalted butter  
3 cups powdered sugar  
1/2 cup sour cream, at room temperature  
1/4 cup water  
1/4 cup half and half or cream  
1\. Preheat oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit. Generously butter and flour a bundt pan, making sure to coat every crevice. Tap the excess flour out and discard.   
2\. Whisk the water and cocoa powder in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring it to a boil and let it boil for about 30 seconds. Stir continually. Remove from heat and let it cool for about five minutes.  
3\. Measure out the milk and add in the vinegar. Let it sit for five minutes.  
4\. Beat sugar, salt, baking soda, eggs, and egg yolk until really well-incorporated. Add the milk mixture, along with oil and vanilla and beat on medium speed for 1 minute. Add the flour and mix until it's thoroughly incorporated. Next, add the cocoa powder/water mixture and beat until there are no more lumps (about 2 minutes).   
5\. Pour into the prepared pan and bake for 1 hour or until a toothpick comes out clean.   
6\. Let the cake cool completely before adding the frosting.  
### Frosting  
Melt the chocolate chips. Melt the butter separately and then beat the butter with the melted chocolate. Add half the powdered sugar and whisk until smooth. Add the sour cream and the other half of the powdered sugar and beat. Add the sour cream and the water and beat until it's smooth. Pour over cooled cake and enjoy!  
    