
Brown Butter Banana Bread  
Yields: Two 9x5 loaves \*\*\*This time I made two 8x4 loaves plus one mini loaf.\*\*\*  
  
Banana bread
  
2 sticks (1 cup) unsalted butter  
3 cups flour  
1/2 tsp salt  
2 tsp baking soda  
1 tsp cinnamon  
2 eggs  
1 1/2 cups sugar  
5-6 of your most overly-ripe, disgusting bananas  
4 tbsp milk  
2 tsp vanilla extract  
  
Pan lining  
  
1/4 cup sugar  
1 tsp cinnamon  
  
Crumble topping
  
1/2 cup flour  
4 tbsp sugar  
4 tbsp light brown sugar  
1 tsp cinnamon  
4 tbsp butter, very slightly softened and cut into cubes  
  
  
  
1\. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit. Grease the pans. Mix the pan lining sugar and cinnamon. Coat the inside of the pans with the cinnamon-sugar.  
  
2\. Melt the butter on medium heat and let it bubble until it begins to turn brown. Mine always stops bubbling and just looks foamy when it's done. Just don't burn it! It should smell nutty and pleasant when it's barely done. Remove from heat.  
  
3\. While the butter is browning, mix together the crumble topping. I always use [my beloved pastry cutter](http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4016/4430618975_eb8556c885.jpg), but you can use a fork to mix the crumble.  
  
4\. Mix together the flour, salt, baking soda, and cinnamon.  
  
5\. Whisk together the eggs and sugar. Beat it with the whisk until it becomes a pale yellow, nearly white. Whisk in the brown butter.  
  
6\. In a separate bowl, mash together your peeled bananas. Add them to the brown butter mixture. Add in the milk and vanilla.  
  
7\. Evenly distribute the batter between the prepared pans and top with the crumble topping.  
  
8\. Bake 9x5 loaves for 1 hour, 8x4 loaves for 50-55 minutes, and mini loaves for 35 minutes.  
    
    