
S'mores Cheesecake  
Yield: 6" cheesecake  
  
3/4 cup graham cracker crumbs  
4 tbsp butter (I used my [homemade butter](/2012/08/mason-jar-butter.html))  
2 tbsp sugar  
1 Hershey king-size chocolate bar  
2 packages (16 oz) cream cheese, room temperature  
1/4 cup sugar  
1 egg  
1/2 tsp vanilla (clear if you can)  
1 tbsp cornstarch  
1/3 cup sour cream  
2/3 cup chocolate chips  
3 tbsp whipping cream  
[Kraft Mallow Bits, for decoration](http://www.amazon.com/Kraft-Jet-puffed-Mallow-Vanilla-Marshmallows/dp/B007HS7CRW)  
    
  
  
1\. Preheat oven to 350 degrees fahrenheit.  
  
2\. Mix graham cracker crumbs with 2 tbsp sugar and butter. Use a fork to mix it together until it's crumbly. Press it along the bottom of the springform pan. Bake it for 8 minutes.  
    
    
  
3\. Open the Hershey bar. Take a bite. _You deserve it_. Break up the rest of the bar you didn't eat and line the crust with it.  
  
4\. Beat cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Scrape down bowl. Add egg, vanilla, and cornstarch. Mix until barely incorporated. Add sour cream and beat until smooth.  
    
  
5\. Pour the cream cheese mixture into the crust-lined pan. Tap the pan a few times to get rid of any bubbles (I do this with cake, too). Bake for 35-38 minutes. When a cheesecake is done, it still jiggles in the middle.  
    
  
6\. Turn the oven off and leave it open for 3 hours. Chill for at least 4 hours or overnight.  
    
  
7\. Melt chocolate chips with whipping cream and stir until it's smooth.  Pour over cheesecake. Sprinkle with mallow bits, and any leftover graham cracker crumbs.  
  
8\. Devour.  
    