
Pastry Puffs  
    
Yield: about 60 medium-large puffs (small puffs can yield up to 100!)  
    
1 cup water  
1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter  
1 tsp sugar  
1 cup all purpose flour  
4 large eggs  
    
gallon ziplocks  
1/4" or 1/2" plain round tip  
silpat (or parchment paper)  
filling tip (something to push into the baked puffs)  
    
    
1\. Preheat oven to 425 degrees fahrenheit. Line two cookie sheets with silpat (or parchment paper). Set aside.   
    
2\. Place butter, water, and sugar into a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat.   
    
    
3\. Immediately remove from heat. With a wooden spoon, stir in the flour. Continue to stir until the dough pulls away from the sides of the pan, about one minute. Let it cool for three minutes.   
    
    
4\. Add eggs, one at a time, and stir with a wooden spoon until each egg is fully incorporated. Cut the very tiny tip off of a gallon ziplock. Transfer the dough into the ziplock.   
    
  
 5. Pipe the dough into rounds about 1 1/4 inch in diameter. Wet your finger and smooth the pointy tops of the rounds.    
    
    
6\. Bake 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees fahrenheit and bake for 25 more minutes, or until golden.   
    
    
7\. Fill puffs with the filling tip with either fresh whipped cream, chocolate mousse, Nutella, or anything you desire! I would love to experiment more with flavored whipped creams, like raspberry whipped cream. Top with powdered sugar or chocolate sauce.   
    